feat: cookie policy text (#4)
failfa-st/site: src/pages/legal/cookie-policy.mdx

    to their privacy policy at
    [https://codesandbox.io/legal/privacy](https://codesandbox.io/legal/privacy).

## Your choices regarding cookies

You can control and manage cookies in various ways. Please keep in mind that removing or blocking
cookies may impact your user experience and some features may not function properly.

Most web browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. To learn more
about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them,
visit [www.aboutcookies.org](https://www.aboutcookies.org) or
[www.allaboutcookies.org](https://www.allaboutcookies.org).

In addition to browser-based cookie controls, some third-party services we use may offer additional
opt-out mechanisms. For example, you can opt-out of some third-party cookies used for advertising
purposes by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out page at
[https://optout.networkadvertising.org](https://optout.networkadvertising.org).

## Changes to this Cookie Policy

We reserve the right to update this Cookie Policy at any time to reflect changes in our practices,

> services, or legal requirements. When we make changes to the Cookie Policy, we will update the "last
> modified" date at the top of the policy and, where appropriate, notify you by email or through a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
services, or legal requirements. When we make changes to the Cookie Policy, we will update the "last
updated" date at the bottom of the policy and, where appropriate, notify you by email or through a
```
